Answers to the lab 1 questions Christopher Bachelor 004608570

1. Type "man -K word" where the word is the word you want to search, and this
will print all the commands with that word. This was found by using man man as
in the hint, and looking at all of the possible flags.

2. The following answers were found by using the command "whereis" followed by a
space and the command name. The second directory printed is the location of the
source file for the command.  cp was found in: /usr/share/man/man1p/cp.1p.gz wc
was found in: /usr/share/man/man1p/wc.1p.gz

3. I found the answer to the question by using "find /usr/bin/ -name ?" Where ?
fills in any single character. I got three results, which I searched in whatis:
w Shows who is logged on and what they are doing [ Nothing appropriate X A
portable, network-transparent window system

4. Following the hint I used the command "readlink /usr/bin/emacs" which prints
out the value of the symbolic link attached to it. The file called with emacs
is: /etc/alternatives/emacs

5.Following the commands listed in lecture and listed in the manual, "g+s" sets
group ID on execution for the group. "o-x" means that the file is not executable
by the other users not in the file's group.

6. By reading the man page for find, you see that the command "-ctime -n" is
used to find files changed n*24 hours ago. Therefore use "-ctime -21" to find
the files in the last 3 weeks.

7. By using the command "find -type d -ctime -21" the directories that were
modified in my user were: .  ./Documents ./Documents/35L
./.emacs.d/auto-save-list

8.First I used whereis command to find the find directory, which is located in
"/usr/bin/". Now using man find we know that the command "find -type l" inside
/usr/bin prints all of the symbolic links in the directory. Since there are so
many of them, I added "| -nl" in the last command to print out the line numbers
of the output, showing that there are 354 symbolic links.

9.By going into the man page for ls, I found the command "ls -c -lt" which lists
files by the newest time first. The oldest file is at the end which was
"libXdamage.so.1", a symbolic link to the file "libXdamage.so.1.1.0" last
modified Mar 27 2014.

10. In the hint it suggested localedef, which had the command "localedef
--help", which states that the locale path is located in
"/usr/lib/locale:/usr/share/i18n". In the locale man page, it states that locale
gets its data from the LC_* environment variables

11. By using C-h to get into the help section of emacs, I found out that typing
a allows you to search command keywords. Commands with sort are:
Buffer-menu-sort sort-columns sort-fields sort-lines sort-numeric-fields
sort-pages sort-paragraphs sort-regexp-fields tabulated-list-col-sort
tabulated-list-sort

12. By typing C-h to get the help bar, type 'b' to get the key binding
lists. Then you can search all the key bindings.  C-M-a beginning-of-defun- move
backward to the beginning of a defun C-M-b backward-sexp - Move backward across
one balanced expression(sexp) C-M-c exit-recursive-edit - Exit form the
innermost recursive edit or minibuffer.  C-M-d down-list - Move forward down one
level of parentheses.  C-M-e end-of-defun- Move forward to the next end of defun
C-M-f forward sexp - Move forward accross one balanced expression (sexp).  C-M-h
mark-defun - Put mark at end of this defun, point at beginning.

13. C-g is keyboard quit. Signal a 'quit' condition. During execution of Lisp
code, this character causes a quit directly. At top-level, as an editor command,
this simply beeps.

14. Again I used a search function "C-s w" in the keybinding section to search
for yank. Yank reinserts the last stretch of killed text. It reinserts the most
recent kill

15. The dired command "C-x d" shows the available memory in the directory, while
"ls -l" doesnt show that. Besides that nothing seems that different.
